Fix revision snapshots being assigned to the wrong items during batch updates when read order differs (#27407)
directus/directus: .changeset/fix-batch-update-revisions.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed batch update revision snapshots being assigned to the wrong items when read order differed from update order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed revision snapshots being assigned to the wrong items during batch updates when read order differs
```
